Add `no-floating-promises` rule (#261)
callstack/eslint-config-callstack: README.md

yarn eslint --ext '.js,.ts' ./src
```

> `parserOptions.project` is set to `./tsconfig.json`. You may need to adjust that. [Read more](https://typescript-eslint.io/architecture/parser#project)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`parserOptions.project` is set to `./tsconfig.json`. You may need to [adjust that](https://typescript-eslint.io/architecture/parser#project).

To do so, you'll need to override our setup for TS files in your ESLint config:
```js
overrides: [
  {
    files: ['*.ts', '*.tsx'],
    parser: '@typescript-eslint/parser',
    plugins: ['@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin'],
    parserOptions: {
      project: './tsconfig.json'
    }
  }
]
```
```

Reviewer: I think this would be helpful. Please verify if the advice is sound and works as intended 🙏🏼

Author: Since the default is `./tsconfig.json` I suggest to have the value be `./packages/**/tsconfig.json` in the README as I assume it would be the most common case
